Clarify condition Cversion implicit range and bundle Cversion redefinition by components (#281)
Open-CMSIS-Pack/Open-CMSIS-Pack-Spec: doxygen/src/components_schema.txt

\section Component_Bundle Component Bundle

In case multiple inter-dependent components that belong to the same \b Cclass form part of a solution, these can be grouped
into a <em>bundle</em>. A component bundle is a named set of components that must share identical attributes for \b Cvendor and 
\b Cclass by introducing the attribute \b Cbundle, which becomes a mandatory part of the component ID. If the attribute \b Cvendor
is not specified in the \b bundle element, the value is inherited from the pack level \b vendor element.

The attributes \b Cvendor, \b Cclass, \b Cbundle as well as \b Cversion are inherited by all \b component elements within a \b bundle section.
Only the \b Cversion attribute can be redefined in the \b component elements.

Components of the same \b Cclass belonging to a different \b Cbundle shall not be selected concurrently. In this way bundles ensure

> interoperability across multiple ocmponents and restrict the max and match of components within a \b Cclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interoperability across multiple components and restrict the mix and match of components within a \b Cclass.
```
